Community messaging update (#23)
payara/Payara-Community-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/general-info/general-info.adoc

The general format of the version number is **Major Version Number . Year . Release Number**

**Major Version numbers** will start from 5 (the current major version of Payara Platform) and only increment by 1 when a new major version (E.g Payara 6) is released. There is currently no set cadence for this version change. The change of a major version number is a product management and marketing decision.

**Year** will start from 2020 (the year that Payara Enterprise and Community versions diverge) and increment by 1 annually.

**Release Number** numbers will start from 2 and increment regularly.  These version changes will introduce any combination of big features, small enhancements, rewrites, and bug fixes.  The Minor Version number will reset to 1 when the Year increments (annually).

There are no backward-compatible requirements for a release number change.

[cols=-2*,options="header"]
|=== 

| Release date| Version  

| June 2020 | 5.2020.2

| xxx 2020 | 5.2020.3

| xxx 2020 | 5.2020.4

| ... | 5.2020.5

| ...| ...

| First release in 2021 | 5.2021.1

| Second release in 2021 | 5.2021.2

| ... | 5.2021.3

| ...| ...

|=== 

[[naming-strategy]]
== Previous Naming Strategy

> The Payara Server naming strategy works off of the pre-existing GlassFish
> naming strategy: Append the year and quarter as the final dot version of

Reviewer: This is obsolete for Payara 5, which takes the major version and appends year and quarter, with no relation to any GlassFish version.

```suggestion
The previous Payara Platform naming strategy appends the year and quarter as the minor version that is separated by a dot from the major version.
```

And then remove all the lines below until "so it's possible for a version number to be
something like 4.1.1.152.1!"
